ParadiseSpecies
Humans
Tajaran
Unathi
Skrell
Slime People
Vox
Grey
Diona
Machine People
Kidan
Shadow people
Plasmamen
Vulpkanin
Drask
Possible Candidates
Wryn
Nucleation
EOL
Your regular humans. Quite underwhelming.
Cat-like aliens, hired by NanoTrasen. Try not to actually call them cat people.\nTajara can speak a unique language - Siik’tajr. Use this in game by typing say :j\nTajara have claws, and unarmed damage done by them is applied as sharp.\nTajara have improved vision in low-light conditions.\nTajara are less vulnerable to cold, but more vulnerable to heat.\nTajara are able to devour mice and other small animals with an aggressive grab.
Hired by Nanotrasen, these cold-blooded employees have various reptilian qualities. However, the other companies have been heard of recruiting them as well. 
A race of gelatinous beings, who dedicate themselves to exploring the mind. Very technologically advanced. 
An evolved race of xenobiological slimes. 
Birdlike beings. Vox who decided that peaceful station life is for them. 
Your stereotypical gray alien. Little is known about them 
Giant, lumbering tree-like beings. They are born through other species' blood. 
Advanced robots who assist the crew. 
Insect beings with a tough, chitinous skin. 
Results of human experimentation with slimes. 
A species made of plasma who require special suits when working in non-plasma filled environments.
A more newly encountered species with characteristics similar to canines or foxes.
A race of cryonic, ice-like beings. Do not actually melt.
The following are not accessible by players, but may be created by admins during events
An insect-like race who can speak to one another through some sort of hivemind
Former crew who have become disfigured from prolonged exposure to super matter.

Hate shows that you dislike something a ton.
Everything includes all but nothing.
not this
testing the single quotation mark's
23495
2345678
234876
			case "ParadiseJobs and RolesCaptain":
                myjavatextview.setText(R.string.ParadiseJobsCaptain);
                break; 